QUIDDITCH
As they entered November, the weather turned very cold. The mountainsaround  the  school  became  icy  gray  and  the  lake  like  chilled  steel.Every morning the ground was covered in frost. Hagrid could be seen fromthe upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the Quidditch field, bundledup in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous beaverskinboots.The Quidditch season had begun. On Saturday, Harry would be playing inhis  first  match  after  weeks  of  training:  Gryffindor  versus  Slytherin.  IfGryffindor  won,  they  would  move  up  into  second  place  in  the  HouseChampionship.Hardly anyone had seen Harry play because Wood had decided that, astheir secret weapon, Harry should be kept, well, secret. But the news that hewas playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Harry didn’t know whichwas worse — people telling him he’d be brilliant or people telling him they’dbe running around underneath him holding a mattress.It was really lucky that Harry now had Hermione as a friend. He didn’tknow how he’d have gotten through all his homework without her, what withall the last-minute Quidditch practice Wood was making them do. She hadalso lent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a veryinteresting read.Harry  learned  that  there  were  seven  hundred  ways  of  committing  aQuidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup matchin 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest players, and thatmost serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to them; that althoughpeople rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had been known to vanish andturn up months later in the Sahara Desert.
Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry
and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer forit. The day before Harry’s first Quidditch match the three of them were out inthe freezing courtyard during break, and she had conjured them up a brightblue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar. They were standing withtheir backs to it, getting warm, when Snape crossed the yard. Harry noticed atonce  that  Snape  was  limping.  Harry,  Ron,  and  Hermione  moved  closertogether to block the fire from view; they were sure it wouldn’t be allowed.Unfortunately, something about their guilty faces caught Snape’s eye. Helimped over. He hadn’t seen the fire, but he seemed to be looking for a reasonto tell them off anyway.“What’s that you’ve got there, Potter?”It was Quidditch Through the Ages. Harry showed him.“Library books are not to be taken outside the school,” said Snape. “Give itto me. Five points from Gryffindor.”“He’s just made that rule up,” Harry muttered angrily as Snape limpedaway. “Wonder what’s wrong with his leg?”“Dunno, but I hope it’s really hurting him,” said Ron bitterly.The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening. Harry, Ron, andHermione sat together next to a window. Hermione was checking Harry andRon’s Charms homework for them. She would never let them copy (“Howwill you learn?”), but by asking her to read it through, they got the rightanswers anyway.Harry felt restless. He wanted Quidditch Through the Ages back, to takehis mind off his nerves about tomorrow. Why should he be afraid of Snape?Getting up, he told Ron and Hermione he was going to ask Snape if he couldhave it.“Better you than me,” they said together, but Harry had an idea that Snapewouldn’t refuse if there were other teachers listening.He  made  his  way  down  to  the  staffroom  and  knocked.  There  was  noanswer. He knocked again. Nothing.
Perhaps Snape had left the book in there? It was worth a try. He pushed thedoor ajar and peered inside — and a horrible scene met his eyes.Snape and Filch were inside, alone. Snape was holding his robes above hisknees. One of his legs was bloody and mangled. Filch was handing Snapebandages.“Blasted thing,” Snape was saying. “How are you supposed to keep youreyes on all three heads at once?”Harry tried to shut the door quietly, but —“POTTER!”Snape’s face was twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quickly to hidehis leg. Harry gulped.“I just wondered if I could have my book back.”“GET OUT! OUT!”Harry left, before Snape could take any more points from Gryffindor. Hesprinted back upstairs.“Did you get it?” Ron asked as Harry joined them. “What’s the matter?”In a low whisper, Harry told them what he’d seen.“You know what this means?” he finished breathlessly. “He tried to getpast that three-headed dog at Halloween! That’s where he was going whenwe saw him — he’s after whatever it’s guarding! And I’d bet my broomstickhe let that troll in, to make a diversion!”Hermione’s eyes were wide.“No — he wouldn’t,” she said. “I know he’s not very nice, but he wouldn’ttry and steal something Dumbledore was keeping safe.”“Honestly,  Hermione,  you  think  all  teachers  are  saints  or  something,”snapped  Ron.  “I’m  with  Harry.  I  wouldn’t  put  anything  past  Snape.  Butwhat’s he after? What’s that dog guarding?”Harry went to bed with his head buzzing with the same question. Nevillewas snoring loudly, but Harry couldn’t sleep. He tried to empty his mind —he needed to sleep, he had to, he had his first Quidditch match in a few hours
— but the expression on Snape’s face when Harry had seen his leg wasn’teasy to forget.The next morning dawned very bright and cold. The Great Hall was full ofthe delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheerful chatter of everyonelooking forward to a good Quidditch match.“You’ve got to eat some breakfast.”“I don’t want anything.”“Just a bit of toast,” wheedled Hermione.“I’m not hungry.”Harry felt terrible. In an hour’s time he’d be walking onto the field.“Harry,  you  need  your  strength,”  said  Seamus  Finnigan.  “Seekers  arealways the ones who get clobbered by the other team.”“Thanks,  Seamus,”  said  Harry,  watching  Seamus  pile  ketchup  on  hissausages.By eleven o’clock the whole school seemed to be out in the stands around theQuidditch pitch. Many students had binoculars. The seats might be raisedhigh in the air, but it was still difficult to see what was going on sometimes.Ron and Hermione joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fanup in the top row. As a surprise for Harry, they had painted a large banner onone of the sheets Scabbers had ruined. It said Potter for President, and Dean,who was good at drawing, had done a large Gryffindor lion underneath. ThenHermione  had  performed  a  tricky  little  charm  so  that  the  paint  flasheddifferent colors.Meanwhile,  in  the  locker  room,  Harry  and  the  rest  of  the  team  werechanging into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing ingreen).Wood cleared his throat for silence.“Okay, men,” he said.“And women,” said Chaser Angelina Johnson.
“And women,” Wood agreed. “This is it.”“The big one,” said Fred Weasley.“The one we’ve all been waiting for,” said George.“We know Oliver’s speech by heart,” Fred told Harry, “we were on theteam last year.”“Shut up, you two,” said Wood. “This is the best team Gryffindor’s had inyears. We’re going to win. I know it.”He glared at them all as if to say, “Or else.”“Right. It’s time. Good luck, all of you.”Harry followed Fred and George out of the locker room and, hoping hisknees weren’t going to give way, walked onto the field to loud cheers.Madam Hooch was refereeing. She stood in the middle of the field waitingfor the two teams, her broom in her hand.“Now, I want a nice fair game, all of you,” she said, once they were allgathered  around  her.  Harry  noticed  that  she  seemed  to  be  speakingparticularly to the Slytherin Captain, Marcus Flint, a fifth year. Harry thoughtFlint looked as if he had some troll blood in him. Out of the corner of his eyehe saw the fluttering banner high above, flashing Potter for President overthe crowd. His heart skipped. He felt braver.“Mount your brooms, please.”Harry clambered onto his Nimbus Two Thousand.Madam Hooch gave a loud blast on her silver whistle.Fifteen brooms rose up, high, high into the air. They were off.“And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor— what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too —”“JORDAN!”“Sorry, Professor.”The Weasley twins’ friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for thematch, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.“And she’s really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a
good find of Oliver Wood’s, last year only a reserve — back to Johnson and— no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flintgains the Quaffle and off he goes — Flint flying like an eagle up there —he’s going to sc– no, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor KeeperWood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle — that’s Chaser Katie Bell ofGryffindor there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field and — OUCH —that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger — Quaffle takenby the Slytherins — that’s Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goalposts,but he’s blocked by a second Bludger — sent his way by Fred or GeorgeWeasley, can’t tell which — nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, andJohnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off shegoes — she’s really flying — dodges a speeding Bludger — the goalposts areahead — come on, now, Angelina — Keeper Bletchley dives — misses —GRYFFINDOR SCORE!”Gryffindor  cheers  filled  the  cold  air,  with  howls  and  moans  from  theSlytherins.“Budge up there, move along.”“Hagrid!”Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to jointhem.“Bin watchin’ from me hut,” said Hagrid, patting a large pair of binocularsaround his neck, “But it isn’t the same as bein’ in the crowd. No sign of theSnitch yet, eh?”“Nope,” said Ron. “Harry hasn’t had much to do yet.”“Kept  outta  trouble,  though,  that’s  somethin’,”  said  Hagrid,  raising  hisbinoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was Harry.Way up above them, Harry was gliding over the game, squinting about forsome sign of the Snitch. This was part of his and Wood’s game plan.“Keep out of the way until you catch sight of the Snitch,” Wood had said.“We don’t want you attacked before you have to be.”
When Angelina had scored, Harry had done a couple of loop-the-loops tolet off his feelings. Now he was back to staring around for the Snitch. Oncehe caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection from one of theWeasleys’ wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to come pelting hisway, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and FredWeasley came chasing after it.“All  right  there,  Harry?”  he  had  time  to  yell,  as  he  beat  the  Bludgerfuriously toward Marcus Flint.“Slytherin in possession,” Lee Jordan was saying, “Chaser Pucey duckstwo Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the — waita moment — was that the Snitch?”A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, toobusy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his left ear.Harry saw it. In a great rush of excitement he dived downward after thestreak of gold. Slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs had seen it, too. Neck andneck  they  hurtled  toward  the  Snitch  —  all  the  Chasers  seemed  to  haveforgotten what they were supposed to be doing as they hung in midair towatch.Harry was faster than Higgs — he could see the little round ball, wingsfluttering, darting up ahead — he put on an extra spurt of speed —WHAM! A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below — MarcusFlint had blocked Harry on purpose, and Harry’s broom spun off course,Harry holding on for dear life.“Foul!” screamed the Gryffindors.Madam Hooch spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free shot at thegoalposts  for  Gryffindor.  But  in  all  the  confusion,  of  course,  the  GoldenSnitch had disappeared from sight again.Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, “Send him off, ref! Redcard!”“What are you talking about, Dean?” said Ron.
“Red card!” said Dean furiously. “In soccer you get shown the red cardand you’re out of the game!”“But this isn’t soccer, Dean,” Ron reminded him.Hagrid, however, was on Dean’s side.“They oughta change the rules. Flint coulda knocked Harry outta the air.”Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides.“So — after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating —”“Jordan!” growled Professor McGonagall.“I mean, after that open and revolting foul —”“Jordan, I’m warning you —”“All right, all right. Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which couldhappen to anyone, I’m sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by Spinnet,who  puts  it  away,  no  trouble,  and  we  continue  play,  Gryffindor  still  inpossession.

It was as Harry dodged another Bludger, which went spinning dangerouslypast his head, that it happened. His broom gave a sudden, frightening lurch.For a split second, he thought he was going to fall. He gripped the broomtightly with both his hands and knees. He’d never felt anything like that.It happened again. It was as though the broom was trying to buck him off.But Nimbus Two Thousands did not suddenly decide to buck their riders off.Harry tried to turn back toward the Gryffindor goalposts — he had half amind to ask Wood to call time-out — and then he realized that his broom wascompletely out of his control. He couldn’t turn it. He couldn’t direct it at all.It was zigzagging through the air, and every now and then making violentswishing movements that almost unseated him.Lee was still commentating.“Slytherin in possession — Flint with the Quaffle — passes Spinnet —passes Bell — hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose —only joking, Professor — Slytherins score — oh no . . .”The Slytherins were cheering. No one seemed to have noticed that Harry’s
broom was behaving strangely. It was carrying him slowly higher, away fromthe game, jerking and twitching as it went.“Dunno  what  Harry  thinks  he’s  doing,”  Hagrid  mumbled.  He  staredthrough his binoculars. “If I didn’ know better, I’d say he’d lost control of hisbroom . . . but he can’t have. . . .”Suddenly, people were pointing up at Harry all over the stands. His broomhad started to roll over and over, with him only just managing to hold on.Then the whole crowd gasped. Harry’s broom had given a wild jerk andHarry swung off it. He was now dangling from it, holding on with only onehand.“Did something happen to it when Flint blocked him?” Seamus whispered.“Can’t have,” Hagrid said, his voice shaking. “Can’t nothing interfere witha  broomstick  except  powerful  Dark  magic  —  no  kid  could  do  that  to  aNimbus Two Thousand.”At  these  words,  Hermione  seized  Hagrid’s  binoculars,  but  instead  oflooking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.“What are you doing?” moaned Ron, gray-faced.“I knew it,” Hermione gasped, “Snape — look.”Ron  grabbed  the  binoculars.  Snape  was  in  the  middle  of  the  standsopposite them. He had his eyes fixed on Harry and was muttering nonstopunder his breath.“He’s doing something — jinxing the broom,” said Hermione.“What should we do?”“Leave it to me.”Before  Ron  could  say  another  word,  Hermione  had  disappeared.  Ronturned the binoculars back on Harry. His broom was vibrating so hard, it wasalmost impossible for him to hang on much longer. The whole crowd was onits feet, watching, terrified, as the Weasleys flew up to try and pull Harrysafely onto one of their brooms, but it was no good — every time they gotnear him, the broom would jump higher still. They dropped lower and circled
beneath him, obviously hoping to catch him if he fell. Marcus Flint seized theQuaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing.“Come on, Hermione,” Ron muttered desperately.Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, andwas now racing along the row behind him; she didn’t even stop to say sorryas she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front. ReachingSnape, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a few, well-chosen  words.  Bright  blue  flames  shot  from  her  wand  onto  the  hem  ofSnape’s robes.It took perhaps thirty seconds for Snape to realize that he was on fire. Asudden yelp told her she had done her job. Scooping the fire off him into alittle jar in her pocket, she scrambled back along the row — Snape wouldnever know what had happened.It was enough. Up in the air, Harry was suddenly able to clamber back onto his broom.“Neville, you can look!” Ron said. Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid’sjacket for the last five minutes.Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap hishand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick — he hit the field on allfours — coughed — and something gold fell into his hand.“I’ve got the Snitch!” he shouted, waving it above his head, and the gameended in complete confusion.“He didn’t catch it, he nearly swallowed it,” Flint was still howling twentyminutes later, but it made no difference — Harry hadn’t broken any rules andLee Jordan was still happily shouting the results — Gryffindor had won byone hundred and seventy points to sixty. Harry heard none of this, though. Hewas being made a cup of strong tea back in Hagrid’s hut, with Ron andHermione.“It was Snape,” Ron was explaining, “Hermione and I saw him. He wascursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn’t take his eyes off you.”
“Rubbish,” said Hagrid, who hadn’t heard a word of what had gone onnext to him in the stands. “Why would Snape do somethin’ like that?”Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another, wondering what to tellhim. Harry decided on the truth.“I found out something about him,” he told Hagrid. “He tried to get pastthat three-headed dog on Halloween. It bit him. We think he was trying tosteal whatever it’s guarding.”Hagrid dropped the teapot.“How do you know about Fluffy?” he said.“Fluffy?”“Yeah — he’s mine — bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the publas’ year — I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the —”“Yes?” said Harry eagerly.“Now, don’t ask me anymore,” said Hagrid gruffly. “That’s top secret, thatis.”“But Snape’s trying to steal it.”“Rubbish,”  said  Hagrid  again.  “Snape’s  a  Hogwarts  teacher,  he’d  donothin’ of the sort.”“So why did he just try and kill Harry?” cried Hermione.The afternoon’s events certainly seemed to have changed her mind aboutSnape.“I know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, I’ve read all about them! You’vegot to keep eye contact, and Snape wasn’t blinking at all, I saw him!”“I’m tellin’ yeh, yer wrong!” said Hagrid hotly. “I don’ know why Harry’sbroom acted like that, but Snape wouldn’ try an’ kill a student! Now, listen tome, all three of yeh — yer meddlin’ in things that don’ concern yeh. It’sdangerous.  You  forget  that  dog,  an’  you  forget  what  it’s  guardin’,  that’sbetween Professor Dumbledore an’ Nicolas Flamel —”“Aha!” said Harry, “so there’s someone called Nicolas Flamel involved, isthere?”
Hagrid looked furious with himself.

THE MIRROR OF ERISED
Christmas was coming. One morning in mid-December, Hogwarts woketo find itself covered in several feet of snow. The lake froze solid andthe Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so thatthey followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban. The fewowls that managed to battle their way through the stormy sky to deliver mailhad to be nursed back to health by Hagrid before they could fly off again.No one could wait for the holidays to start. While the Gryffindor commonroom and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty corridors had becomeicy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms. Worst of all wereProfessor Snape’s classes down in the dungeons, where their breath rose in amist before them and they kept as close as possible to their hot cauldrons.“I do feel so sorry,” said Draco Malfoy, one Potions class, “for all thosepeople  who  have  to  stay  at  Hogwarts  for  Christmas  because  they’re  notwanted at home.”He was looking over at Harry as he spoke. Crabbe and Goyle chuckled.Harry, who was measuring out powdered spine of lionfish, ignored them.Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch match.Disgusted that the Slytherins had lost, he had tried to get everyone laughingat how a wide-mouthed tree frog would be replacing Harry as Seeker next.Then he’d realized that nobody found this funny, because they were all soimpressed at the way Harry had managed to stay on his bucking broomstick.So Malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone back to taunting Harry about havingno proper family.It was true that Harry wasn’t going back to Privet Drive for Christmas.Professor McGonagall had come around the week before, making a list ofstudents who would be staying for the holidays, and Harry had signed up atonce. He didn’t feel sorry for himself at all; this would probably be the best
Christmas he’d ever had. Ron and his brothers were staying, too, because Mr.and Mrs. Weasley were going to Romania to visit Charlie.When they left the dungeons at the end of Potions, they found a large firtree  blocking  the  corridor  ahead.  Two  enormous  feet  sticking  out  at  thebottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it.“Hi, Hagrid, want any help?” Ron asked, sticking his head through thebranches.“Nah, I’m all right, thanks, Ron.”“Would you mind moving out of the way?” came Malfoy’s cold drawlfrom behind them. “Are you trying to earn some extra money, Weasley?Hoping to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts, I suppose —that hut of Hagrid’s must seem like a palace compared to what your family’sused to.”Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.“WEASLEY!”Ron let go of the front of Malfoy’s robes.“He was provoked, Professor Snape,” said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairyface out from behind the tree. “Malfoy was insultin’ his family.”“Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Hagrid,” said Snapesilkily. “Five points from Gryffindor, Weasley, and be grateful it isn’t more.Move along, all of you.”Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scattering needleseverywhere and smirking.“I’ll get him,” said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy’s back, “one of thesedays, I’ll get him —”“I hate them both,” said Harry, “Malfoy and Snape.”“Come on, cheer up, it’s nearly Christmas,” said Hagrid. “Tell yeh what,come with me an’ see the Great Hall, looks a treat.”So the three of them followed Hagrid and his tree off to the Great Hall,where  Professor  McGonagall  and  Professor  Flitwick  were  busy  with  the
Christmas decorations.“Ah, Hagrid, the last tree — put it in the far corner, would you?”The  hall  looked  spectacular.  Festoons  of  holly  and  mistletoe  hung  allaround the walls, and no less than twelve towering Christmas trees stoodaround  the  room,  some  sparkling  with  tiny  icicles,  some  glittering  withhundreds of candles.“How many days you got left until yer holidays?” Hagrid asked.“Just one,” said Hermione. “And that reminds me — Harry, Ron, we’vegot half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library.”“Oh yeah, you’re right,” said Ron, tearing his eyes away from ProfessorFlitwick,  who  had  golden  bubbles  blossoming  out  of  his  wand  and  wastrailing them over the branches of the new tree.“The library?” said Hagrid, following them out of the hall. “Just before theholidays? Bit keen, aren’t yeh?”“Oh,  we’re  not  working,”  Harry  told  him  brightly.  “Ever  since  youmentioned Nicolas Flamel we’ve been trying to find out who he is.”“You what?” Hagrid looked shocked. “Listen here — I’ve told yeh — dropit. It’s nothin’ to you what that dog’s guardin’.”“We just want to know who Nicolas Flamel is, that’s all,” said Hermione.“Unless you’d like to tell us and save us the trouble?” Harry added. “Wemust’ve  been  through  hundreds  of  books  already  and  we  can’t  find  himanywhere — just give us a hint — I know I’ve read his name somewhere.”“I’m sayin’ nothin’,” said Hagrid flatly.“Just have to find out for ourselves, then,” said Ron, and they left Hagridlooking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.They  had  indeed  been  searching  books  for  Flamel’s  name  ever  sinceHagrid had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out whatSnape was trying to steal? The trouble was, it was very hard to know whereto begin, not knowing what Flamel might have done to get himself into abook.  He  wasn’t  in Great  Wizards  of  the  Twentieth  Century,  or Notable
Magical Names of Our Time; he was missing, too, from Important ModernMagical Discoveries, and A Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry. Andthen, of course, there was the sheer size of the library; tens of thousands ofbooks; thousands of shelves; hundreds of narrow rows.Hermione took out a list of subjects and titles she had decided to searchwhile Ron strode off down a row of books and started pulling them off theshelves at random. Harry wandered over to the Restricted Section. He hadbeen  wondering  for  a  while  if  Flamel  wasn’t  somewhere  in  there.Unfortunately, you needed a specially signed note from one of the teachers tolook in any of the restricted books, and he knew he’d never get one. Thesewere the books containing powerful Dark Magic never taught at Hogwarts,and only read by older students studying advanced Defense Against the DarkArts.“What are you looking for, boy?”“Nothing,” said Harry.Madam Pince the librarian brandished a feather duster at him.“You’d better get out, then. Go on — out!”Wishing he’d been a bit quicker at thinking up some story, Harry left thelibrary. He, Ron, and Hermione had already agreed they’d better not askMadam Pince where they could find Flamel. They were sure she’d be able totell them, but they couldn’t risk Snape hearing what they were up to.Harry waited outside in the corridor to see if the other two had foundanything, but he wasn’t very hopeful. They had been looking for two weeks,after  all,  but  as  they  only  had  odd  moments  between  lessons  it  wasn’tsurprising they’d found nothing. What they really needed was a nice longsearch without Madam Pince breathing down their necks.Five minutes later, Ron and Hermione joined him, shaking their heads.They went off to lunch.“You will keep looking while I’m away, won’t you?” said Hermione. “Andsend me an owl if you find anything.”
“And you could ask your parents if they know who Flamel is,” said Ron.“It’d be safe to ask them.”“Very safe, as they’re both dentists,” said Hermione.Once the holidays had started, Ron and Harry were having too good a time tothink much about Flamel. They had the dormitory to themselves and thecommon room was far emptier than usual, so they were able to get the goodarmchairs by the fire. They sat by the hour eating anything they could spearon a toasting fork — bread, English muffins, marshmallows — and plottingways of getting Malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk about even if theywouldn’t work.Ron  also  started  teaching  Harry  wizard  chess.  This  was  exactly  likeMuggle chess except that the figures were alive, which made it a lot likedirecting  troops  in  battle.  Ron’s  set  was  very  old  and  battered.  Likeeverything else he owned, it had once belonged to someone else in his family— in this case, his grandfather. However, old chessmen weren’t a drawbackat all. Ron knew them so well he never had trouble getting them to do whathe wanted.Harry  played  with  chessmen  Seamus  Finnigan  had  lent  him,  and  theydidn’t  trust  him  at  all.  He  wasn’t  a  very  good  player  yet  and  they  keptshouting different bits of advice at him, which was confusing. “Don’t sendme there, can’t you see his knight? Send him, we can afford to lose him.”On Christmas Eve, Harry went to bed looking forward to the next day forthe food and the fun, but not expecting any presents at all. When he wokeearly in the morning, however, the first thing he saw was a small pile ofpackages at the foot of his bed.“Merry Christmas,” said Ron sleepily as Harry scrambled out of bed andpulled on his bathrobe.“You, too,” said Harry. “Will you look at this? I’ve got some presents!”“What did you expect, turnips?” said Ron, turning to his own pile, whichwas a lot bigger than Harry’s.
Harry picked up the top parcel. It was wrapped in thick brown paper andscrawled across it was To Harry, from Hagrid. Inside was a roughly cutwooden flute. Hagrid had obviously whittled it himself. Harry blew it — itsounded a bit like an owl.A second, very small parcel contained a note.We  received  your  message  and  enclose  your  Christmas  present.  FromUncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia. Taped to the note was a fifty-pence piece.“That’s friendly,” said Harry.Ron was fascinated by the fifty pence.“Weird!” he said, “What a shape! This is money?”“You can keep it,” said Harry, laughing at how pleased Ron was. “Hagridand my aunt and uncle — so who sent these?”“I think I know who that one’s from,” said Ron, turning a bit pink andpointing to a very lumpy parcel. “My mum. I told her you didn’t expect anypresents and — oh, no,” he groaned, “she’s made you a Weasley sweater.”Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater inemerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.“Every year she makes us a sweater,” said Ron, unwrapping his own, “andmine’s always maroon.”“That’s really nice of her,” said Harry, trying the fudge, which was verytasty.His next present also contained candy — a large box of Chocolate Frogsfrom Hermione.This only left one parcel. Harry picked it up and felt it. It was very light.He unwrapped it.Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it lay ingleaming folds. Ron gasped.“I’ve heard of those,” he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of EveryFlavor Beans he’d gotten from Hermione. “If that’s what I think it is —they’re really rare, and really valuable.”
“What is it?”Harry picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor. It was strange to the to
